Adding missing supported versions information. (#117)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/api-gateway-encryption-mule4.adoc

> Gateway startup encryption allows you to encrypt sensitive information stored by the Mule runtime engine such as policies, contracts, and the required credentials to configure the connection between your Mule application and Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer: GLOBALLY change "allows" to "enables" when referring to a person.
```suggestion
Gateway startup encryption enables you to encrypt sensitive information stored by Mule runtime engine, such as policies, contracts, and the credentials required to configure the connection between your Mule application and Anypoint Platform.
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> This feature is supported in Mule versions 4.2.0 and later.

Reviewer: Just an alternative...:
```suggestion
This feature is supported in Mule 4.2.0 and later.
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

== Encrypting Your Anypoint Platform Credentials Using the Agent

> Configuring encryption through the Runtime Manager Agent is the fastest way to secure your client credentials. You have to add the encryption key when creating an Agent server, and the agent will handle the properties encryption for you. +

Reviewer: Runtime Manager Agent > Runtime Manager agent (after introducing it as Anypoint Runtime Manager agent):
```suggestion
Configuring encryption through Anypoint Runtime Manager agent is the fastest way to secure your client credentials. You add the encryption key when creating an agent server; the agent then encrypts properties for you. +
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> To learn how to configure the agent with encryption, see xref:runtime-manager::installing-and-configuring-runtime-manager-agent.adoc[Install and Configure the Runtime Manager Agent].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to configure encryption through the agent, see xref:runtime-manager::installing-and-configuring-runtime-manager-agent.adoc[Install and Configure the Runtime Manager Agent].
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

== Encrypting the Client ID and Client Secret

> You can manually encrypt your properties even though you are using an agent. The most common way, is using the xref:mule-runtime::secure-configuration-properties.adoc#secure-properties-tool[Secure Properties Tools]. +

Reviewer: WHY would you want or need to manually encrypt if you are using an agent? Should we add something about that?

Also...is this what you intended to say, because I notice that the replaced text actually says something different: that you can manually encrypt if you are NOT using an agent. Just want to be sure!  :-)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can manually encrypt your properties even though you are using an agent. The most common way is using the xref:mule-runtime::secure-configuration-properties.adoc#secure-properties-tool[secure properties tools]. +
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> When using encrypted properties, the API gateway assumes that you are using the AES algorithm in CBC Mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use encrypted properties, the API gateway assumes that you are using the AES algorithm in CBC Mode.
```
What does it mean that the gateway assumes this? Do you have to use AES in CBC or not?

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> smzbg+aV2HbiC9Fv8KBsZpD5PlXiplsfhZ42RWNEbHhUeZ9ZIDftljUx6sYpuQ+b
--

> == Passing your Encrypted Client ID and Client Secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Passing Your Encrypted Client ID and Client Secret
```

Reviewer: What do you mean by "passing," and to what target? Is "passing" the correct term? It has multiple meanings.

Reviewer 2: Passing an argument or parameter is a common term in programming.
